oh go ahead
did you see him pop the doors open yeah
that's what those got those studies on
that for what is this 3,500 we have the
Nissan NV 35 s L is a that's this test
of what that's a 200 mm that's three
ESP and that's the 3,500
look at the size of this thing brennick
over there stone side that thing again
this is a van and yeah you can tell how
big this playing is wait a minute wait a
minute
really
it kind of looks like a forward look at
the front end tell me if I don't look
like a forward well it kind of resembles
a forward it's like a frontier dog look
at the battery
and then got over there has an electric
motor 15,000 and Wow four row seats
watch this on wrist let's get about
broke my finger
good master
look at this glovebox this thing is a
whole arm deep look yes crazy four seats
one two three four this bat bus right
there